MMTeX is a distribution of TeX and as such contains mainly works of others.
Licenses of such works are included in the distribution. The few changes that
were made to to these works, as well as build files of MMTeX distribution are
available at https://github.com/vlasakm/mmtex. For license of MMTeX build files
see LICENSE.mmtex.

"luatex" binary is compiled from LuaTeX sources, which you can find at
http://luatex.org/download.html. It is distributed according to the terms of
GPLv2 license. The binary contains also these libraries, whose licenses are
also included in the distribution:
 - Lua (PUC-Rio, under MIT license),
 - Kpathsea (Karl Berry, Olaf Weber and others, under LGPLv2.1 license)

File "emoji-table.def" comes from "emoji" package (https://ctan.org/pkg/emoji,
Xiangdong Zeng, under LPPLv1.3).

Hyphenation patterns come from "hyph-ut8" package
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/hyph-utf8, Mojca Miklavec, Arthur Rosendahl, MIT
license), but the individual pattern files (hyph-*.tex) are by different
authors and available under different licenses. See them for more information.

File "hyphen.tex" comes from "knuth-lib" package
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/knuth-lib, Donald E. Knuth). See the file itself for
licensing information.

Files in the "lipsum" directory originate from "lipsum" package
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/lipsum, Patrick Happel, under LPPLv1.3).

Files in the "lualibs" directory come from "lualibs"
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/lualibs, LaTeX3 Project, PRAGMA ADE, ConTeXt
developers, under GPLv2).

Files in the "luaotfload" directory come from "luaotfload"
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/luaotfload, Luaotfload Development Team, ConTeXt
developers, under GPLv2).

Files in the "lua-uni-algos" directory come from "lua-uni-algos"
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/lua-uni-algos, Marcel Krüger, under LPPLv1.3).

Files in the "luavlna" directory come from "luavlna"
(https://ctan.org/pkg/luavlna, Michal Hoftich, Miro Hrončok, under LPPLv1.3).

Files in the "optex" directory come from "OpTeX",
(http://petr.olsak.net/optex/, Petr Olšák).

Files in the "unicode-data" directory come from Unicode, Inc
(https://www.unicode.org/Public/UNIDATA/, Unicode, Inc., see LICENSE.unicode).

Files in the "metapost" directory come from "Metapost"
(https://tug.org/metapost.html,
https://serveur-svn.lri.fr/svn/modhel/metapost/, John Hobby, Public Domain).

Files in the "rsfs" directory come from "rsfs" package
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/rsfs, Ralph Smith, Taco Hoekwater, provided under
following conditions: "You are welcome to use and distribute these files; if
you modify them, please change the name but give credit to the original
author!").

Files in the "minim" directory come from "minim", "minim-mp", "minim-pdf" and
"minim-xmp" packages (https://www.ctan.org/pkg/minim, Esger Renkema, under EUPL
v1.2 or later).

Files in the "pgf" directory come from "pgf" package
(https://www.ctan.org/pkg/pgf, Till Tantau, Henri Menke, The PGF/TikZ Team,
under GPLv2 or LPPLv1.3).

Files in the "lua-widow-control" directory come from "lua-widow-control"
package (https://ctan.org/pkg/lua-widow-control, Max Chernoff, under Mozilla
Public License, version 2.0 or greater - see MPL-2.0.txt or
https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/).
